README.md, before:

# Median housing value prediction

The housing data can be downloaded from https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ageron/handson-ml/master/. The script has codes to download the data. We have modelled the median house value on given housing data. 

The following techniques have been used: 

 - Linear regression
 - Decision Tree
 - Random Forest

## Steps performed
 - We prepare and clean the data. We check and impute for missing values.
 - Features are generated and the variables are checked for correlation.
 - Multiple sampling techinuqies are evaluated. The data set is split into train and test.
 - All the above said modelling techniques are tried and evaluated. The final metric used to evaluate is mean squared error.

## To excute the script
python < scriptname.py >


## Setting up the environment:
Use the terminal or an Anaconda Prompt for the following steps:

 1) Create the environment from the environment file from the file given the repo:

  - command: **conda env create -f env.yml**
  - The first line of the yml file sets the new environment's name. 
   
 2) Creating the virtual environment manually.

  - Activate the new environment: conda activate mle-dev

  - Verify that the new environment was installed correctly:

  - Command: **conda env list**
  - or
  - Command: **conda info --envs**

## Tools and commands used for Manual code formatting

1) black
   - Command: **black < filename.py >**

2) isort
   - Command: **isort < filename.py >**

3) flake8
   - Command **flake8 < filename.py >**

Commit message:

updating the files according to branch fix-#6-vscode_refactor to resolve merge conflicts

README.md, after:

# Median housing value prediction

The housing data can be downloaded from https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ageron/handson-ml/master/. The script has codes to download the data. We have modelled the median house value on given housing data.

The following techniques have been used:

 - Linear regression
 - Decision Tree
 - Random Forest

## Steps performed
 - We prepare and clean the data. We check and impute for missing values.
 - Features are generated and the variables are checked for correlation.
 - Multiple sampling techinuqies are evaluated. The data set is split into train and test.
 - All the above said modelling techniques are tried and evaluated. The final metric used to evaluate is mean squared error.

## To excute the script
python < scriptname.py >


## Setting up the environment:
Use the terminal or an Anaconda Prompt for the following steps:

 1) Create the environment from the environment file from the .env file given in the repo:

  - command: **conda env create -f env.yml**
  - The first line of the yml file sets the new environment's name.

 2) Creating the virtual environment manually.

  - Activate the new environment: conda activate mle-dev

  - Verify that the new environment was installed correctly:

  - Command: **conda env list**
  - or
  - Command: **conda info --envs**

## Tools and commands used for Manual code formatting

1) black
   - Command: **black < filename.py >**

2) isort
   - Command: **isort < filename.py >**

3) flake8
   - Command **flake8 < filename.py >**


**Note:** The settings.json file contains all the refactor configurations. Bu using this file we don't need any commands to run explicitly. It will auto format the code while saving the file
